# Contributing to mlp Command Line Tool

Welcome! 🥳 We hope you will successfully start to contribute to this project after reading this little guide.  
In trying to keep this document short and on point it will show to you the goals, the commit and coding
style of the project that you have to follow in your future contributions.  
If you find something amiss, well you have found yourself a nice little first issue to work on if you want 🙂

## The Project Goal

This project aim to create a command line tool used for handling all the operations needed for getting the
current project environment in sync with the files generated by the Mia-Platform Console.  
We achieve this goal by interpolating the files with ENV variables when needed, creating, updating and/or
eliminating the resources that are described by the interpolated files or that are not present anymore.

## What You Can Do

Basically anything you want to add better handling of the files, improve the security of the tool, improve the
interpolating flow, improve generation of dependencies annotations between pods and mounted volumes, etc.

## Commit Style

This project is following the guidelines of [Conventional Commit] for the commit messages, so you are encouraged to read
them first and trying to follow them as much as possible, we can always fix them during the Merge Request process.

### Revert

If the commit reverts a previous commit, it should begin with `revert:`, followed by the header of the reverted commit.
In the body it should say: `This reverts commit <hash>.`, where the hash is the SHA of the commit being reverted.

### Type

Must be one of the following:

- **ci**: Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts
- **docs**: Documentation only changes (add new sections, fixing typos, etc)
- **feat**: A new feature
- **fix**: A bug fix
- **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
- **style**: Changes that do not affect the templates features (indentation, formatting, missing quotes, etc)
- **test**: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests

## Coding Style

The project contains an [`.editorconfig`](/.editorconfig) file for setting up your editor if you have installed the
appropriate [plugin].

## Editor

If you use a different editor from the ones that are present in the `.gitignore` file, please add the relevant rules
for not commiting files that are needed by the IDE and not the project.

[Conventional Commit]: https://www.conventionalcommits.org (A specification for adding human and machine readable meaning to commit messages)
[plugin]: https://editorconfig.org/#download (EditorConfig is a file format and collection of text editor plugins for maintaining consistent coding styles between different editors and IDEs.)
